Added readme for deployment & setup (#4)
MattIPv4/pogly-oauth-proxy: README.md

This is a proxy that adds Twitch authentication to [Pogly](https://github.com/PoglyApp/pogly-standalone), a real-time collaborative stream overlay.

## Developing locally

Make sure you're running Node.js matching the version specified in [`.nvmrc`](.nvmrc). Then, install the required dependencies for the project with `npm ci`.

> To run the proxy locally, copy [`.env.example`](.env.example) to `.env` and use the [environment variable guide](#Environment-Variables) above to set the variables. Then, start the proxy with `npm start`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the proxy locally, copy [`.env.example`](.env.example) to `.env` and use the [environment variable guide](#environment-variables) to set the variables. You'll also need to create a [`data.json` file](#datajson) with your Twitch user ID in it. Then, start the proxy with `npm start`.
```

If you don't have a Pogly server running already, you can use the provided [`docker-compose.yaml`](docker-compose.yaml) file in this repository to start one with `docker compose up -d`. If you're using this, make sure the `MODULES` match your `POGLY_MODULES` in the `.env` file.

> ## Environment Variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## First-time setup

### Environment variables
```

The configuration is all done via environment variables. These are the variables you will NEED to set before running the proxy.

> ### POGLY_MODULES

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### POGLY_MODULES
```

Pogly modules are like different instances of the overlay that can be switched between. Each module can have its own content & channel. There are no extra permissions to allow or restrict access to each module -- if a Twitch user has access, they have access to all modules. These need to be the same as the modules in the Pogly server.

> ### TWITCH_CLIENT_ID & TWITCH_CLIENT_SECRET

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### TWITCH_CLIENT_ID & TWITCH_CLIENT_SECRET
```

Create a [Twitch application](https://dev.twitch.tv/console/apps/create) and add `<host>/login/twitch/callback` to the OAuth Redirect URLs, with `<host>` replaced by the base URL that the proxy will be accessible at (`http://localhost:3000` for local development).

Copy the generated Client ID and Client Secret and add them to the environment variables.

> ### SESSION_SECRET

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### SESSION_SECRET
```

This is used to encrypt the session cookie. You can generate a suitably secure random string with the following command:

```bash
npx -y @fastify/secure-session | node -e "console.log(fs.readFileSync(0).toString('hex'))"
```

> ## data.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### data.json
```

You also need to create a `data.json` file in the same directory with the following content:

```json
{
  "users": {}
}
```

To allow users to login, you need to add their Twitch user id to the `users` object in the `data.json` file. The easiest way to do this is [looking it up](https://www.streamweasels.com/tools/convert-twitch-username-%20to-user-id/) via their username. The user id should be the key to an object containing a `username` and `token` property -- you can populate the `username` property as a reference for who the ID is, and leave the `token` an empty string.

```json
{
  "users": {
    "1234567890": {
      "username": "TwitchUser",
      "token": ""
    }
  }
}
```

> ## Setting up modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting up modules
```

When you access Pogly for the first time, you'll be prompted to configure a module -- this will be the first module you defined in `POGLY_MODULES`. You must NOT enable authentication or strict mode for any modules behind the proxy -- the proxy handles access control.

Once the first module is configured, you'll see an option in the UI to swap to any other modules you provided in `POGLY_MODULES` (it is recommended you swap to these and configure them during first-time setup so your Twitch account is stored as the "owner" of the modules).

You can also add new modules at any time -- make sure they're added to both the Pogly `MODULES` environment variable and the proxy's `POGLY_MODULES` environment variable.

> 
> You'll also need to create a data.json file in the same directory as the docker-compose.yaml file with your twitch user id. You can follow the instructions [here](#datajson) to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is a proxy that adds Twitch authentication to [Pogly](https://github.com/PoglyApp/pogly-standalone), a real-time collaborative stream overlay.

> If you want to develop locally, you can follow the instructions [here](#Developing-locally).

Reviewer: Instead of having this sentence here, can we move the developing locally info to the top first, followed by deployment? I would think environment variables should be after developing locally, as it will be needed for local setup as well, before deploying?

## Deploying

The proxy does not have to run on the same machine as the Pogly server but it's important that access to the Pogly server is not exposed to the internet and only accessible via the proxy otherwise anyone will be able to access & edit the overlay.

> The easiest way to achieve this is by running them together in docker. Here is an example docker compose file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to achieve this is by running them together in Docker, such as with Docker Compose:
```

```yaml
services:
  pogly:
    image: ghcr.io/poglyapp/pogly:main
    restart: always
    volumes:
      - pogly-keys:/etc/spacetimedb
      - pogly-data:/stdb
      - pogly-config:/root/.spacetime
    environment:
      MODULES: "pogly module2 module3"

  proxy:
    image: ghcr.io/mattipv4/pogly-oauth-proxy:latest
    depends_on:
      - pogly
    restart: always
    ports:
      - 3000:4000/tcp
    environment:
      PORT: 4000
      HOST: 0.0.0.0
      POGLY_HOST: http://pogly:80
      DATA_PATH: file:///proxy/

> 
>       # npx -y @fastify/secure-session | node -e "console.log(fs.readFileSync(0).toString('hex'))"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think we can remove this given its explained below?

>       SESSION_SECRET: "32_bytes_of_random_characters"
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      SESSION_SECRET: "32_bytes_of_random_hex_data"
```
Just a nit that this is hex-encoded + no newline

>       POGLY_MODULES: "pogly module2 module3"

Reviewer: Nit, but can this be moved up to below POGLY_HOST?

      TWITCH_CLIENT_ID: "your_twitch_client_id"
      TWITCH_CLIENT_SECRET: "your_twitch_client_secret"

    volumes:
      - ./data.json:/proxy/data.json

volumes:
  pogly-keys:
  pogly-data:
  pogly-config:
```

## Environment Variables

The configuration is all done via environment variables. These are the variables you will NEED to set before running the proxy.

### POGLY_MODULES

> Pogly modules are like different instances of the overlay that can be switched between. Each module can have it's own content & channel. There is no extra permissions to allow or restrict access to each module. If a twitch user has access, they have access to all modules. These need to be the same as the modules in the Pogly server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pogly modules are like different instances of the overlay that can be switched between. Each module can have its own content & channel. There are no extra permissions to allow or restrict access to each module -- if a Twitch user has access, they have access to all modules. These need to be the same as the modules in the Pogly server.
```

### TWITCH_CLIENT_ID & TWITCH_CLIENT_SECRET

> Go to the Twitch Developer Dashboard.
> Create a new application and add `http://localhost:3000/login/twitch/redirect` to the OAuth Redirect URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a [Twitch application](https://dev.twitch.tv/console/apps/create) and add `<host>/login/twitch/callback` to the OAuth Redirect URLs, with `<host>` replaced by the base URL that the proxy will be accessible at (`http://localhost:3000` for local development).
```

Copy the generated Client ID and Client Secret and add them to the environment variables.

### SESSION_SECRET

This is used to encrypt the session cookie. You can generate a suitably secure random string with the following command:

```bash
npx -y @fastify/secure-session | node -e "console.log(fs.readFileSync(0).toString('hex'))"
```

## data.json

You also need to create a `data.json` file in the same directory with the following content:

```json
{
  "users": {}
}
```

> To allow users to login, you need to add their twitch user id to the `data.json` file. The easiest way to do this is looking it up [here](https://www.streamweasels.com/tools/convert-twitch-username-%20to-user-id/) via their username. You'll need to add the username and token properties too but just leave them blank.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow users to login, you need to add their Twitch user id to the `users` object in the `data.json` file. The easiest way to do this is [looking it up](https://www.streamweasels.com/tools/convert-twitch-username-%20to-user-id/) via their username. The user id should be the key to an object containing a `username` and `token` property -- you can populate the `username` property as a reference for who the ID is, and leave the `token` an empty string.
```

```json
{
  "users": {
    "1234567890": {

>       "username": "",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "username": "TwitchUser",
```

      "token": ""
    }
  }
}
```

## Setting up modules

> When you access Pogly for the first time, you'll be prompted to create a module. It's important that you DON'T enable authentication or strict mode. You can create & swap between multiple modules without having to login again. You can also create a new module at any time, as long as the module name is specified in the `POGLY_MODULES` & `MODULES` environment variables.

Reviewer: Building on my other note about reordering these sections, I wonder if we should have this and environment variables be subheadings under a "first-time setup" section that applies to both local + deployed?

> When you access Pogly for the first time, you'll be prompted to create a module. It's important that you DON'T enable authentication or strict mode. You can create & swap between multiple modules without having to login again. You can also create a new module at any time, as long as the module name is specified in the `POGLY_MODULES` & `MODULES` environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you access Pogly for the first time, you'll be prompted to configure a module -- this will be the first module you defined in `POGLY_MODULES`. You must NOT enable authentication or strict mode for any modules behind the proxy -- the proxy handles access control.

Once the first module is configured, you'll see an option in the UI to swap to any other modules you provided in `POGLY_MODULES` (it is recommended you swap to these and configure them during first-time setup so your Twitch account is stored as the "owner" of the modules).

You can also add new modules at any time -- make sure they're added to both the Pogly `MODULES` environment variable and the proxy's `POGLY_MODULES` environment variable.
```

## Developing locally

> To run it locally, copy .env.example to .env and use the [environment variable guide](#Environment-Variables) above to set the variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you're running Node.js matching the version specified in [`.nvmrc`](.nvmrc). Then, install the required dependencies for the project with `npm ci`.

To run the proxy locally, copy [`.env.example`](.env.example) to `.env` and use the [environment variable guide](#Environment-Variables) above to set the variables. Then, start the proxy with `npm start`.
```

> If you don't have a Pogly server running already, you can use the docker-compose.yaml file in this repository to start one.
> 
> ```bash
> docker compose up -d
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a Pogly server running already, you can use the provided [`docker-compose.yaml`](docker-compose.yaml) file in this repository to start one with `docker compose up -d`. If you're using this, make sure the `MODULES` match your `POGLY_MODULES` in the `.env` file.
```

> You'll also need to create a data.json file in the same directory as the docker-compose.yaml file with your twitch user id. You can follow the instructions [here](#datajson) to do this.

Reviewer: I think this should be moved to be after the dependency installation suggestion, before starting the proxy.
